Mom, take good care of yourself.
What has your precious daughter Ye Banxiang done?
So shameful.
Yeah, that's not true. If I'm half as good as he is, there's no way he'll suffer a loss.
The iron is as strong as a mountain, nothing can be said now.
I've decided. I want half the items.
What? I don’t want it,
I beg you, don’t divorce Banxiang.
Just, just, just, just come to me once.
I'll give it to you. It's hard to be prepared but you're not satisfied with my price.
Will we be able to leave this place?
Please have me at home
I don’t want them to get married in two days either.
There is a small town in the middle of this room.
There are married families here.
The quotient for children is still the greatest
you also know
Generally speaking, children from divorced families
They all choose strong festivals.
There is murder
Even choose yourself
Right, right, right
So this marriage cannot be divorced
This marriage cannot be divorced
I'm so angry that I can't leave. Be careful.
Please don't divorce me
You are on condition
How willing is Madagascar?
Since you said so
I can ignore it
But after all, it’s nighttime and fresh
This can be regarded as money-saving
I have a guaranteed qualification
What guarantee do you have?
death of my month
Today's residence is 500,000
Is it necessary to protect
As long as you give me all these five hundred thousand
I'll ignore my mother, don't worry
After this money
They are all minor ministers
This is not a word
Mom, I can't get half a million until tomorrow.
Then you can call my card before tomorrow night
Never spend the night. Understand what happens.
Qing Jia, let’s go then
Don't you want to call me?
How could you create such a thick event?
Do you want to play a few times?
I don’t want to believe it
Do you want to believe it or not?
how is my mother
It's enough to make people understand, there's no danger
But we need to go to Xinlangshou as soon as possible
As for the processing fee, it costs 20 cents and 200,000 to get a shot.
Why play small
If we don’t have money, we won’t do it all our lives.
I have no choice
I can't live without my mother anymore, it's not us
Also ask
Are you out of breath?
Where did you get the money?
You don't want to ask our mother
Go to death house
I'm going to have surgery on your mom today.
I tell you
The internal sign is your skill, Mod
I never thought about it
Sign this to you
I already guessed it
You don't want to give me this signature
We agreed at the beginning
No money
Employment will help you a lot
Although I gave up Xiao Chen’s rich circle,
and give birth to
I also need to give you my hands
Although you, a person with long-range weapons,
This is the first time I asked Po Po Jian to tell me
Millennium Sword
Ye Wanxia, ​​who has obtained the sword for a thousand years
Please tell me clearly about this money
If you are a member of the party and dare to take one point
I will just scold you until you are abandoned.